 the metrics that we're tracking on and what we're going to do.
 Excellent. Yeah, thanks so much, Becky. And good morning, everyone. It's nice to
 see faces this morning, but don't feel like you have to keep your camera on the
 entire time if you want. Like too great, but don't feel like you have to and feel
 free as we talk over the next hour to pop on. If you would like to ask a
 question or make a comment, this is a really an hour for us to talk. If you
 know, like Becky was saying, it's kind of the softer side, the human side. And I
 will be talking about organizational health and culture, what that means, what
 that means for your office, what that means for you. So I am very excited to be
 here this morning to talk with you all about that. I know you all are kind of
 in this IT world and that has its own challenges, but every office has a
 culture and there are subcultures within every office. All offices have
 different culture needs. And so I am here to talk a bit about that and and
 strategies and resources you all can use as an office or as an individual as
 you're kind of thinking through culture and the implications of that. So I am
 Laura Pagano. I'm the organizational health and culture lead for the agency.
 I spent most of my career. I say born and raised a forecaster in the Nash
 Weather Service. I worked at three WFOs. I have worked at Southern Region. I've
 worked at the Weather Prediction Center before making my way up here to
 headquarters. And in doing that and moving around, I really noticed the power
 and the influence that culture can have. An office culture can have. On my mental
 health, my just you know being happy in the office, jobs has faction, my
 engagement, the engagement of other people, just wanting to go to work to be
 honest with you all. And so I became very passionate about that and stepped
 away from forecasting for a bit to really dive into you know the complexities of
 culture and how I can help support the agency in this way. But before we begin
 something I really like to do is called a chatterfall. I don't know if you all
 have done this before but it's pretty simple. It's you know just a way for us
 to kind of get to know each other, see what type of diversity is out there if
 we're dispersed. So I'm gonna ask a question and then if everyone can just
 type in their response in the chat it's gonna be like a chatterfall. So my first
 question is where were you born and raised? And so I will put mine on here
 just to show. So I am born and raised in Long Island. I'd say Long Island because
 I spent a lot of time in different areas of Long Island. Growing up we have
 Puerto Rico, we have DC, Indiana, Santa Barbara. Wow we out west. Born in New
 York City, raised in Pittsburgh, nice. DC, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Philippines.
 That's great. Raised in Texas but born of Florida, Annapolis, Chicago, Nigeria. Let's
 see. Bar-Manda. Oh wow that's interesting. Nigeria, Virginia, Pakistan, New York, a lot of DC in
 Maryland. That's great. I'm gonna scroll down here, Bolivia, build out the, so some
 California. So you see the diversity already within this group. This is probably
 one of the most diverse groups in terms of where folks were born and raised. And
 then you know when we think about diversity a lot of times people will just
 think first about the color of the skin, so ethnicity. And it really it's it's
 really starts from where we were born, our experiences, how we were raised, our
 backgrounds, what we're interested in. There's diversity in almost everything
 and everywhere. And so so thank you for sharing where you were born and raised.
 I'm just curious are our most folks in DC right now? Are you working from DC? Are
 you working from somewhere else? I would love to see if we have folks from all
 over or you know the how we're dispersed here. So we have what we have Maryland
 DMV, Silver Spring, Southern Maryland. Okay nice, Laurel. Okay that has a Dina,
 Silver Spring. So most folks okay so we have somebody in Texas, Chesapeake. Okay
 awesome, Silver Spring. So it seems most folks are around this area but there I
 did see someone from Texas on here. So there is a little dispersion there so
 that's good. So this also kind of shapes an office's culture. Is it is it
 hybrid? Is it remote? Is someone you know working a hundred percent remote from a
 different location? That can kind of change the dynamics when it comes to the
 culture of an office. So but very interesting. So thank you for sharing that.
 And another chatterfall how long have you worked in the National Weather Service?
 So you can put the number of years. So I will put 15 years or if it's been less.
 Less than years you can do months. So let's see four and a half years, 15, 6 and a
 half, 5, 3. We have eight, six strong, six strong years. Love it. Five months, 10
 years, 7, 13. So quite a range. Wow 27. Excellent Michelle. 7, 6, 6 and a half.
 Some folks in a year, year, year or two since May of 2009. Eight years, six. Okay
 so again diversity in terms of folks being in their their experience within
 the National Weather Service. Some are newer to the weather service. Some have
 been here quite quite a while. And so that diversity can help as well in
 shaping the culture and your overall experience within the office and
 leveraging that. So that's that's great. And so okay I promise my last
 chatterfall question is this. How would you describe your desired culture within
 your office if you could use one word? So I will put it in here inclusive. You
 would like to I would like to see you know within my own office in the office of
 organizational excellence. I would love to see inclusivity. So yep inclusivity
 Nouraj says the same thing evolving truly inclusive. Trust I love that trust.
 What are some other words you all can think of in terms of the culture you want?
 Innovation, respectful culture, family oriented, it could be anything. Collaborative
 I like that. I see transparency in here. That's a great one. Friendly, progressive,
 relaxing, innovative, dynamic. These are great. Fun. Yes absolutely. Fun while
 working. Yes you want to enjoy your time. Family oriented. Love that. I've heard
 that quite quite a lot as well. So yes seeing a trend here for fun, sharing
 knowledge, innovative and collaborative. So this is great. So this really describes
 your desired culture. So these are some nuggets for you all to kind of reflect
 on and think do you have this desired culture? If you just look at this list
 you could probably make a word cloud out of this. Does this really reflect the
 current culture you have and if not how do you get there and that's what I'm
 going to be talking with you all today about. And so with that I'm going to share
 my screen. And so please keep in mind I'm going to be walking through the slide
 deck and please stop me along the way if you have any questions but I'm really
 excited to share with you all a new. I don't like to call the plan. I like to
 call the blueprint. It's a new organizational health blueprint that was
 developed this past year. And we call the blueprint again because every office has
 different culture. And so we want to make sure that we are giving folks the
 resources they need to support that culture. I also want to say to before we
 begin we do have Mary Dunbar on the line today. I'm very excited to have her on.
 She is under the DIA office within OOE and she's an EEO specialist. So she's
 here kind of shadowing the blueprint today. But she's another resource not just
 myself but her team as a resource when it connects to culture and DEIA will talk
 a bit about that. And we also have Madeline Aviva or Vila excuse me. She's on
 and she's taking notes for OOE today so you might see those two individuals in
 the group as we talk about the blueprint. Okay so we'll do a little bit of
 blueprint background. We'll talk a bit about the OHI. So we're gonna be able to
 help index and then next steps for your office in terms of working towards that
 desired culture that we had just talked about. So I'm getting a bit of feedback
 from you Jeff. I wondered if you could put your line for me if that's possible.
 Okay thank you so much. I appreciate it. I just did that for him.
 So yeah thank you. Okay thanks Becky. I appreciate that. And again I will
 reiterate this over and over again. If someone needs to pop on to ask a question
 comments whatever totally open to that. I want this to be engaging and interactive.
 So okay so I always like to start with why. Why are we talking about
 organizational health and culture? Why are we talking about just culture in
 general? Why Laura are you here talking to us today? And so really the crux of it
 all is that we need to have for us to really enjoy our time within the office
 because I saw fun was on there multiple times within the desired culture. And for
 us to meet the mission we need to have the healthiest culture possible within
 the agency and at all these subculture levels which are offices or offices that
 are communicating with other offices and the culture that is there for those
 engagements. Culture is so very important because culture really influences the
 performance that we provide to our customers. So whether your customers are
 IT or at a WFO if it's their local partners, whoever it may be, it really
 culture shapes and really influences the performance of what we are doing
 every day. It also helps to retain talent. You have stronger teams in the
 end and it reduces burnout. So at the end of the day when we are focusing on our
 people, when we are kind, when we are respectful, when folks feel like they
 belong, when they feel included, when they feel that they can excel within their
 office and they feel supported, that I'm telling you right now folks are just
 happier. I've experienced it. I've done a lot of research on this. Even Steve
 Smith within the National Weather Service has done research on this. If we
 really focus on our people and support and include and create an environment
 that is healthy, then people are going to put more time and effort into what
 they're doing. They're going to want to do that. By doing that they're going to
 produce better product services to the customers and in the end the customers
 are going to be happier. I can tell you right now and I'm sure you all, if you
 were self-reflecting, when you are able to put more time and energy into what
 you're doing and you're seeing your customers are happier, it is very
 fulfilling. It feels good and you tend to want to stay in that type of environment
 where you feel supported and you're having a good time. So we're
 retaining talent that way. But not only that, we're recruiting in a way. So we
 are bringing in diverse talent from within. So if other individuals
 outside our agency here, we're having a good time. We're having, you know, we all
 work well together. The mission is really important. We all feel we fit into that
 mission. We know what our purpose is. We know what our value is. We tend to
 attract people into the agency. We have seen this with Southwest. We've seen, you
 know, I always use Southwest as an analogy despite what happened during the holiday
 season because they were the top in terms of customer service and employee
 satisfaction. A lot of people tend to want to work for Southwest. When I was down at
 WFO Atlanta working, I had a lot of slight attendant friends. They wanted to work
 for Southwest and it was because of the culture that they had there. It was fun.
 It was just inviting. It was welcoming and so folks tended to want to want to
 work there. So it's just, there's so much that you can gain from it. But not only
 that, you know, you see burnout here. I want to emphasize that what we've seen
 with the burnout survey is folks, whether it be the pandemic or just the
 workload that continues to seem to pile on, it just produces this burnout. And if
 we can have this more collaborative, this more supportive culture, where
 everyone's working better together, it will help to reduce the burnout and
 produce those stronger teams. So that is really the why because it makes things a
 whole lot better. So really appreciate, really appreciate that kind of
 perspective because it does kind of help hone it in. So in terms of
 organizational health action plan and what we're calling the blueprint, you see
 the number two on there, it's because this is the second version of the
 organizational health action plan. And if you all don't even know what the first
 version is, that's okay. I didn't know much about it myself. And I was very
 involved with culture when I was in the field. So I didn't know much about this
 health action plan. A lot of things came out of it. Things that, you know, they're
 really, you know, in terms of OOE, organizational health, making sure we're
 really influencing the culture. There was a lot of movement on the
 headquarter side of things. But it didn't filter down into the office level. And
 that's what we're trying to do. The local offices, whether it be your office or
 WFO Cheyenne or Colorado based in RFC, wherever, we want this blueprint to be
 malleable based off the different culture needs. So we don't like to call it a
 plan. It's more like a framework and guidance for folks to get to that
 desired culture that they want. And so that's what we built it off of. We built
 it off of that type of framework and thinking. But not only that, we built it
 off of employee feedback from the organizational health index survey. And
 so in 2020, the most recent OHI, which was sent out, we asked folks for their
 feedback on the agency and their local office culture. And these are, they'll
 see the four focus areas down here. These are the four focus areas that we
 found that we need to improve within our agency and pretty much at every level
 within our agency, all offices. And so I'll take us to the next slide here, which
 really, these are the four focus areas based off employee feedback that we need
 to improve, to really see an improvement in our overall agency health and culture.
 So if I were looking at this and I'm stepping outside of my role here and I
 was at, let's say the forecast desk, and I looked at this, I would say, okay, so
 you're asking us to improve in these four areas. But what exactly is headquarters
 doing to really support us employees? And that's a really good point, right? So
 headquarters is working very hard in terms of trying to improve the overall
 culture, trying to improve the employee experience in supporting our employees.
 And I'll kind of explain and show you how you can see what headquarters is doing
 while we're asking offices to reflect on how they can improve the local office
 culture where they are. So where you all are at in terms of taking a look at these
 focus areas and can you reflect on any of these focus areas as areas that you
 all could likely improve to help your culture moving forward to get to that
 desired culture. So the four focus areas based off the recent OHI was
 transparency and openness, employee wellness and development, knowledge sharing
 and collaboration, and continuous improvement and harnessing innovation.
 So if we were just to take a step back and reflect, I am pretty sure most of us
 could look at this slide and say, yeah, we could probably improve two, three, you
 know, these focus areas. I think really honestly there's no perfect culture. It's
 really hard to say there's a perfect culture out there, but we can get to a
 pretty healthy state by focusing on these four four areas. So these are the areas
 that our agency is going to be focusing on in the years to come. And I also want
 to mention we won't D E I A into all of these focus areas. So you'll see there's
 light blue text in each of these focus areas description. And we had an
 opportunity to put D E I A as an its own focus area. But I'll be honest, that just
 didn't sit well with me and the folks that were putting this a get together.
 There were 40 individuals by the way from across the weather service that helped
 to build the blueprint. And we all said that we didn't want to put D E I A like
 in its own section because it would just feel like you're checking off a box.
 Okay, we did a luncheon or okay, we did the CLC course, D I A training modules.
 So we're good for the year. We really want D E I A to and its behaviors to be
 woven into everything that we're doing. So it becomes organic with what we are
 doing every single day when it comes to engaging with one another. So we want
 all employees to be invited and involved. That's talking about inclusivity. We want
 folks to feel safe. That's psychological safety. We want folks to feel that they're
 in a work environment that where they belong, they're encouraged and there's
 that diversity of thought where folks can feel like they can this, you know, speak
 their mind or share ideas. And so that's what we're hoping for. So the focus areas
 are here with D E I A woven in. And then we have four tools that are built into
 the blueprint to help in terms of offices working on these focus areas and get
 them to that desired culture. So I did mention that the agency is working on
 improving the organizational health and culture in a variety of ways. So if you
 are interested in seeing one of the first tools here is the dashboard. If you are
 interested in seeing what progress the agency is making towards improving our
 organizational health, culture, employee experience, then take a look at the
 dashboard and I'll share a link with you a bit later on. But there is an
 organizational health dashboard that exists for our agency to where if you're
 interested in seeing, for example, Tiger Team Task Force, I'm sure some of folks
 have heard of that task force. Maybe you're not sure of the progress. Well, you can
 click on that dashboard and see the progress they're making. So if you click
 on it today, it'll look different if you click on it two months from now. You'll
 slowly start to see the progress they're making and you'll be able to dive in on
 what they're working on and how you can use it. And then we also have shift work
 flexibility. I know perhaps that's not as applicable to here, but for a large
 portion of our agency, they are very concerned about shift work. And it really
 influences their day-to-day life. And so if they want to take a look at the
 progress being made within that team, they can do that. Do you like to keep track of
 the blueprint and the progress we're making for the blueprint? You can do that.
 There's a dashboard for that and DEIA will be added coming soon. So number two
 is the network. We need to have a support system when it comes to the
 blueprint. So we're, you know, sending out the blueprint, you know, across the
 agency. We're sending hard copies. So I think Becky, you have one on your desk.
 And but we need a network of folks that are supporting this effort. So we
 actually have 12 culture leads across the agency. So I am the main culture lead
 for the National Weather Service, but I do have other culture leads scattered
 across the agency to help implement the blueprint and also create a two-way
 conversation when it comes to culture. And so we have six culture leads at the
 regions. We have one National Center culture lead and we also have four
 portfolio culture leads as well. And so they're all helping in this blueprint
 and to create a healthier culture for everyone. Then we have the toolkit, which
 is probably my favorite tool of all. It's a one-stop shop for all things
 organizational health and culture. So we'll dive into that here in a few minutes.
 And then the briefing. So we are conducting a briefing for every office in
 the National Weather Service on the blueprint. So that's what you all are
 receiving today as your blueprint briefing. And that's over 175 blueprint
 briefings we're conducting. And so the network, these culture leads over here,
 they're helping to make this happen. So you can see there are different tools used
 for different purposes all in getting us towards the desired culture. So let's
 kind of put this all together. So first, offices will be assigned a culture lead,
 whether it's from the region center, portfolio level. You all have me as your
 culture lead. So here I am. I am your culture lead under OAA. And so I am
 presenting your blueprint briefing right here right now. So one and two are done.
 And then after this briefing, you all will come together, whether it be once,
 twice, however it works for your office, to reflect on the blueprint, its resources,
 and really start to think about, okay, you all want to get to a certain desired
 culture, what do you all need to focus on to get there? So out of the four focus
 areas, you will select two focus areas to really start to dive into to see if you
 can make improvements in those by committing to a set of practices. So number
 three sounds like it's a heavy lift, but I can assure you it is not. I can walk you
 all through that. And that's what I'm going to be doing later during this
 presentation, demoing how you can utilize the blueprint to help you. So, okay, so
 that's the kind of the blueprint in action. We did set expectations for
 ourselves when it comes to this blueprint. So we're not just developing
 this blueprint and hoping for the best. We are setting have set ourselves up
 hopefully for success here in terms of these metrics. So Mary Erickson before she
 left, she worked with OOE leadership to come up with these three metrics. So by
 FY24, we will have conducted all blueprint briefings for every office in
 the agency. Basically, what you all are receiving today is what every office will
 receive by the end of the fiscal year. By quarter two of FY24, all National
 Weather Service offices will select two focus areas that they think are
 important to get them to their desired culture. And number three by the end of
 FY24, every office will commit to a set of practices. Doesn't have to be huge
 practices can be small subtle changes. That's the port those focus areas again
 to get to that desired culture. So we do have the measure progress, right, as
 we're moving on. And I'm happy to say that while the blueprint is founded on
 OHI data, we also measure against future OHI surveys. So this is my shameless plug.
 One of maybe a couple shameless plugs here to ask folks that when the OHI comes
 out later this year, please take it. It really shapes the blueprint, the
 action we take as an agency moving forward. So we do use your input. We used
 it to create the blueprint. So we're using your employee feedback to measure the
 health at your office, the agency, and to build action within the agency as well.
 So shameless plug, number one, done. Okay, so before we dive into the
 organizational health index survey and results, are there any questions, any
 comments, anything? Nope. Okay. Well, I'm sure everybody probably will as we
 slightly start diving into some of this, but you know, so far so good. Thank you.
 Yeah, yeah, thanks Becky. And you're absolutely right. It is a lot. So it's
 you know, feels like a fire hose of information and as we work through this,
 it will still feel that way. That's okay. We're not asking you all to digest this
 and one fell swoop here. Take it in, marinate on it. That's what the whole
 point of the blueprint briefing is, is that you all have a slide deck. You can
 have future conversations surrounding the topic and you know, I'm here to
 guide and to be a support. So the organizational health index survey, really
 again, it's conducted by Mackenzie and Company. Really a great survey to start
 to measure and you can get great granularity with the survey down to the
 office level in terms of how the office is doing, its overall health, its culture.
 And so there are really two ways to really start to digest the OHI data. So
 when we show you the scores, you know, you're going to see colors, you're going to
 see numbers. So the colors are a comparison to other public sector, other
 public sector databases that are out there. So other public sectors have taken the
 OHI and the National Weather Service was compared to those other public
 sector agencies and companies. So you'll see the color corresponds with that
 benchmark. So the best that we can do is get into the top deciles. So that's the
 navy blue with the orange or gold trim there. That's the like the gold stamp,
 if you will, top quartiles navy blue and then as you start to get towards the
 bottom and bottom quartile you're in this gray color that you really want to
 avoid. But again, this is comparison the benchmark. So that's the color. Were the
 actual scores themselves, again, the higher the score of the better, those
 actual numbers correspond to National Weather Service scores or whatever level
 it's measuring at, whether it be OAA or all the way down to a local office level.
 Those raw scores are what the National Weather Service, what folks have answered,
 whereas the color is comparison to benchmark of other public sectors. So I
 just want to make that clear. You will see some mention of outcomes and
 practices and honestly the best way, I mean you can look at the the text on
 here if you like. But the best way for me to describe this is if you went to the
 doctor's office and the doctor says, "Oh, it looks like your cholesterol is pretty
 high." And so that likely is that outcome of a high cholesterol is likely
 because the practice is leading up to that. Were maybe not the healthiest of
 decisions when eating maybe or sedentary or not moving around enough or whatever
 it may be. So they kind of prescribe, "Hey, maybe if you could do these lifestyle
 changes or these different practices, it'll help get you to a healthier outcome
 with your cholesterol." So maybe if you have, you know, a healthier diet, you don't
 eat as much fast food, you get moving, maybe walking 20, 30 minutes a day,
 strength training, whatever it is, to get you to have a healthier result. Those
 are practices that get you to a better outcome. So that's really the way I like
 to describe it is outcomes and practices. Practices really influence the overall
 outcome. And so there are going to be outcome questions and then practices that
 really feed into those outcomes. And so you'll kind of see them broken out into
 two different ways. So here are the National Weather Service scores from 2015,
 2017, and 2020 OHI data. So you can see there were a lot more grayish, light blue
 boxes back in 2015. And then you saw the steady improvement in terms of the
 benchmark colors towards the navy blue or the bluish hues in 2020. The overall
 metrics and numbers, the numbers improved as well. You can see with these green
 bubbles over here in 2020 that we really saw quite the jump, especially from 2015
 all the way to 2020. So that is a good sign that we have really started to see
 an upwards trend in terms of our organizational health and culture. Yes,
 yes, Arthur. Oh, okay, sorry, I thought I saw Arthur raise his hand there.
 Well, he did actually in many, I think he must have somehow disconnected to a
 part of the campaign. So but by the way, I'll just share with you. He goes by Brian
 just Brian. Okay, that's good. I was just wondering, did you guys take him into
 account the scores improve as soon as we started doing telework? I hear you there
 Brian, I do. So it's it's thank you for asking that question because there are
 some folks that that think, okay, so first question is when was this taken in
 2020? Was this January of 2020 or was this after the pandemic started? And so
 that's that's great, Brian, because this is taken September of 2020. So this is
 about six months after the start of the pandemic. And so what's very interesting
 is the majority of folks that took this survey were shift workers. And so a
 shift workers, unfortunately, when the pandemic started, they stayed, had to stay
 in the office. So they didn't actually get to see that type of improvement in
 terms of their shift work. And so we can't attribute, I've spoken to
 McKinsey, I've spoken to leadership, done a lot of analysis. We can't attribute this
 increase to the pandemic. But what I will say is when we dive into
 local offices that majority of folks did go into a telework status, we did see
 an improvement. So when we started to dive deeper and look at specific offices,
 we did see a correlation. But the improvements you see here are not
 explicitly connected to the remote worker teleworking. Yeah, Brian.
 So is that a truth? Is that really actually a true sense of NOAA and or
 NWS as a whole? I mean, if you're only doing shift workers, you're only getting a
 subset of what is actually true. So I mean, you're saying that this, you're
 saying that these scores improve, but you only have a subset of people.
 So it's not indicative of everybody in NWS. Actually, this was given to everyone in the
 National Weather Service. What I'm saying is the folks that actually responded to the
 OHI were majority shift workers. So I think it was 52% of those that actually
 responded to the OHI were those that work in shift work. Whereas the other
 percents were folks that worked in other positions, whether it be IT,
 ESAs, headquarters, national center. So we invited everyone. This was distributed
 out to all federal employees. The responses that we got though, we got a
 lot of responses from shift workers. So that's why I'm saying we can't 100%
 attribute that increase, but we do we have invited all
 national weather service employees to fill out the OHI.
 So what I guess this is shameless pitch number two, right? So thanks Brian,
 you're helping me out here in that the OHI, again, it is provided and
 distributed to all federal employees. We're actually trying to add contractors
 to that. I'm working on that within the contract process.
 But we invite all National Weather Service employees, federal employees,
 to take the OHI survey so that it's more evenly distributed amongst the entire
 workforce. We had I think 45, 46% response rate
 for the OHI in 2020. We would love to see that closer to 100
 if we could. So I will say what does a tribute to this increase
 is that what we found is a clarity, a kind of a role clarity for the
 National Weather Service in terms of IDSS, in terms of weather
 radiation, in terms of where we're going in the future, in terms of our
 ATC providing products, services to partners through innovation and
 through providing this very distinctive and clear
 IDSS, what do partners need? We will provide it for them
 through innovative mechanisms to do that. Now you will see here
 that innovation and learning is quite low, so we definitely need to improve
 the innovation piece. Yes, Becky.
 What I was going to ask is, and when will the next one of these
 like surveys be performed? And then when was, you have to remind me this,
 with, I should know, but I don't, when was the KENS 10
 announced? Because I think it will be interesting to see the effect on
 our, on a lot of these metrics, just by their virtue of like such a
 clear, kind of like easy to understand strategic plan, and then
 ultimately the, you know, the KENS 10 items as well that we're working on.
 And I wanted to share with you that one of the things that probably
 somewhat maybe at first to the consternation of my team,
 I made an assignment out to everybody to read the strategic plan. And I met
 everybody, not just my federal staff, my contractor team who, you know, we
 consider them to be part of our team, right? Like they're slightly different
 in how you might manage, but overall we're all working together and it all
 contributes to culture. But one of the things I wanted, and I
 wanted this to be like an individual reflection on how do you see yourself
 in our strategic plan and, you know, what were their thoughts and, you know,
 how maybe even I teeth it's in. And I got some such a wide variety of very
 insightful feedback there that I wanted to, and I still plan to do this,
 summarize it and share with not only KEN, but you know, each other, and then
 maybe, you know, you might even have like a really,
 interest, high interest in that from a culture perspective. And, you know, of
 course, the CMU folks would be pretty interested as well.
 Overall, so I just wanted to share that that I thought that was,
 at first it was probably like, okay, really, we got to do this, but it was,
 it was, it was pretty amazing. And, you know, a lot of folks acknowledge like,
 wow, this was really clear to the point plan hadn't really seen something
 that innovated in a long time. So I thought that was cool.
 Yeah, no, Becky, that's great. And it's a great
 segue to that innovation piece is that we're thinking differently now.
 And so back to your point, Becky, is like the KEN's 10 really arose when
 Ken took office back in June of last year. So this KEN's 10 really emerged
 towards August of this past year. The next OHI, by the way, is going to be
 coming out. We're hoping for the fall of this year.
 We don't want it to to come up against the BEVs, which is going to come out this
 summer. So we needed a little distance there as well
 for the next OHI. So the fall of this year
 will be the next OHI. And it would be wonderful if we could use OHI to kind of
 see, use that as a metric, how are we doing with KEN's 10 and the strategic plan?
 Now, it takes a little while to see progress. As you all know, it takes time.
 If you want culture change, it's not going to happen overnight. It takes a lot
 of work and it takes a lot of time to see the changes happening, but it's so worth it.
 So with that being said, the 2023 OHI will give you all a glimpse on how your
 office is doing in terms of its overall health culture.
 But likely 2026 OHI, we will be able to use those metrics to measure
 how are we doing with the strategic plan? How are we doing with KEN's 10 in terms
 of the culture piece? And my last thing, I love that you all are
 reflecting on the strategic plan and how you all fit into that.
 Because that is so important to know where, like, in what way your position is influencing
 the future of the National Weather Service. And that's important because every position in the
 National Weather Service, it's not just about meteorologists. It's about the IT support,
 ETs, ASAs, so that support staff there, hydrologists, modelers, everyone plays a role in getting us
 to where we need to be in the future. And so everybody's valued in that way.
 Okay, I got off my soapbox on that one. Okay, so clearly in the National Weather Service,
 our strengths are external orientation, so partner partnerships. We are a highly
 motivated group of people. You can see motivation is typically at the top,
 highly capable. But I do want to make a mention here.
 We can have a highly motivated workforce, but I want to be honest, if we have offices that
 the cultures are toxic, they're not inclusive, there's disrespect happening, there's burnout
 happening, folks feel overworked, all these different things, that can start to chip away
 at the motivation. So you may be highly motivated by the mission of the National Weather Service,
 but if you're not feeling support as an employee, then it starts to chip away. And we don't want
 that to happen. We can always say as people first, we really want to focus on our people and our
 offices to make sure they're as healthy as possible. So when we're looking at outcome scores, so these
 are based off the outcome questions. And if you want to dive into the questions and really see
 what was asked within the OHI, you can click here and get access to that. The entire OHI survey,
 and you can see the scores and everything. So since, unfortunately, for your office, we did not receive
 eight respondents to hit that threshold to have your office have its own OHI. So shameless pitch
 number three, and I promise this is the last. If you all, as a collective group, take the OHI,
 you can get your OHI specific data for your office. If you have eight or more people. So I'm just
 saying everyone, if you're having a great experience in your office in the agency, or if you're having
 a not so great experience, please take the OHI. Because then I can come back to you all next year
 and give you your OHI specific scores for your office. So because we didn't meet that
 threshold, unfortunately, we have just the office of the assistant administrator. So that's just one
 tier up. And so we have the scores there. We can see 61 people filled out the survey. So based off
 those scores, you can see kind of a gold stamp across the within the direction leadership categories,
 as well as capability, motivation, and external orientation. So OAA, at least in 2020, was doing
 very, very well in those categories. Whereas areas for improvement based off the OHI are work
 environment, accountability, coordination and control. Who is doing what and when is there
 collaboration on that? Is there awareness of what's going on? And then innovation and learning. So
 there are definitely opportunities for OAA in terms of areas for improvement. So if you wanted to
 dive even deeper, I had discussed on the left hand side the outcomes just a second ago, those
 different categories, then you can really dive deeper into the practices that lead to the influencing
 of those outcomes. And so based off OAA, very right hand column here, you can see the specific scores
 for each of those practice categories. Again, you could start to do a really deep dive if you were
 intrigued in looking at those type of scores. But I will say because you all don't have your own
 office specific scores, you can use the OHI as a conversation piece for the future. You can look
 at those questions, you can inquire with each other. You could do so many things in terms of
 utilizing the OHI in a way that works best for your office. We did add inclusivity climate score
 to the OHI in 2020. So OAA received a 65% whereas the Nash weather service average was a 73%.
 So a little bit lower than where we really want to be. OAA saw pretty high scores when it came to
 belonging, but perhaps equality and openness. Those categories could use a little bit of a boost.
 So you can see in the middle column here, here are the statements that we asked in the OHI.
 These are the statements we asked. And on the right hand side here, these are the responses
 that we received from those that filled out the OHI. So example here, if I went down to openness,
 the statement is, it is safe to take risks. 51% said they agree or strongly agree,
 whereas 24% said they disagree or strongly disagree. So this can kind of tell us where we need to
 kind of improve in terms of seeing these scores come up. We need to improve making sure that
 folks feel safe, psychologically safe to bring up their thoughts, ideas, without fear of retaliation.
 We need to give everybody that equal chance at different opportunities and equal access.
 So these are the scores for the inclusivity portion. And then with the help of Valerie
 Gardner, we added Nash weather service wellness questions. And again, these are the responses
 from OAA. Not surprising. Let's take a look at the number one here at the top. The Nash
 weather service supports me to work flexibly if it doesn't affect my work performance.
 90% or 90% of those folks that filled this out in OAA agreed with that statement.
 But if you start to actually show these in other offices, such as WFOs that didn't get a chance
 to work flexibly, because they have to go in and they didn't have that flexibility,
 the scores would be different. So you can see how important having everyone fill out the OHI
 and the granularity at looking at different offices can really influence the scores
 and what you can glean from it. Something else I'd like to point out here is over the past 12
 months, I have felt emotionally exhausted. 69% said they agree with that statement. So that's
 getting into burnout. And that was six months after the pandemic. So yes, the pandemic likely,
 you know, enhanced burnout for some folks, but burnout was happening before the pandemic was
 ever occurring. And so we need to keep that in mind. Okay. So those were the OHI scores. So let's
 kind of see this in practice. I'm going to demo this out for everyone here in the time that I have
 left. So we have one, two done in terms of the blueprint. So I just provided your blueprint
 briefing for you all. Thank you for listening and engaging. And so now I'm going to demo it out.
 What it would look like for you all to take the next step as part of the blueprint, that step three,
 where your office reflects on transfers reflects on the different focus areas. And then
 thinks about committing to a set of practices. So let's take a look at what that would look like.
 So step three, we're at the step three. So it step three, four phases, where you will assess where
 you are at in terms of your office culture. Then you select based off your assessment of your own
 office's culture. You select two focus areas. You commit to a set of practices. And then you
 reassess with future OHI surveys. So again, really important to take the OHI. Sorry, that was four
 plugs for the OHI. Okay. So let's kind of just illustrate what this will look like. So say your
 office after the blueprint briefing, you all come together. Let's say June, July, you want to
 really start to dive into the blueprints and see what you all can do in terms of getting towards a
 more desired, healthy culture. Then you can come to this slide. You can bring this slide that back
 up. You can click on transparency and openness. And what this is going to do is this going to beam
 you over to that toolkit I talked about. So that is one of the tools that we produced as part of
 the blueprint. It will beam you over to the transparency and openness page. So some folks
 may say, what does great transparency and openness look like anyways? So working with Mackenzie and
 company, we developed a graphic that really starts to describe what great transparency looks like.
 And so you can take a look at that as an office. You can use the OHI data if you want to as a
 conversation piece. But to be honest with you, since you all don't have that during the
ularity within your office, you can use the OHI. You can look at those questions. But it might be
 best if you use a Jamboard, which really starts to instigate discussion on each of the focus areas.
 Yes, Becky.
 On the question, I don't remember when we did the OHI, is that open to everybody,
 including our contractor team? Or is it focused only to the federal staff? Because culture is
 everybody. So that would be my concern.
 Yeah, now you're absolutely right, Becky. I completely agree with that. So up to 2020,
 so 2015, 17, and 2020, they distributed out to only federal workers. But I'm going to be,
 I'm working on a contract with Mackenzie and company to get contractors added. It's a bit
 heavier of a lift to do that, but I'm doing everything I can to add contractors.
 We heard that Nesys did it, so we, I'm sure, can make it happen. So that is what we're
 striving for. So that's a great point, Becky.
 Yeah, that's probably the reason why you didn't get the 8-phase that you needed.
 Oh, is it? Okay. So what percent of your office is contract? Does anybody know?
 80%.
 Probably 80%.
 Yeah, Brian had it.
 Brian, you're right on. Okay. So here I am asking for this shameless plug to keep for the OHI.
 It's on me. I'm going to work as hard as I possibly can because EMC is having the same issue,
 where a lot of folks there are contractors. So I'm going to be trying my best to get that,
 to get contractors on for the next OHI. So wish me luck on that as well.
 It's a department.
 Yeah, sure, sure. Yeah, yeah. No, it's important, Brian. Thank you for bringing that up.
 And thank you, Becky, as well. So I will be working hard on that.
 Okay, so if we bypass OHI and you all are just curating your office,
 is working in terms of the overall organizational health, culture, and how it relates to the blueprint,
 what I did was I created a blueprint focus area, Jamboard template that a lot of offices are
 already starting to utilize, which is enabling your office to do more anonymously what folks think.
 About in terms of transparency and openness. Do they feel that it is a transparent and open
 office? Folks can share their thoughts on sticky notes. There are a set of questions that folks
 can think about as it pertains to that. And they can share their thoughts on here. And then
 everybody comes together and you kind of can see probably pretty easily what focus areas there
 needs to be kind of this emphasis on moving forward. So if I were to just make a suggestion,
 it would be utilizing the Jamboard to help in that way. But there are other culture assessments.
 So Becky, if you would like to chat about other assessment tools, we can definitely do that.
 But assuming you all, let's say you all decide to use the, you're like, transparency and openness.
 Okay, yep, we need some work in that area. Let's use that. Let's select that one as one of our focus
 areas. What we did was we created a PDF that starts to dive in on what practices you all can do to
 improve transparency and openness. So here are some best practices. Again, these were created
 from a lot of subject matter experts within the agency and also outside the agency. So we're
 leveraging our expertise outside the agency. So if you all want to produce a more positive
 work environment, there are a lot of different practices you all can do to achieve that,
 improving team building, engagement. If you want to prove DEIA as it relates to transparency and
 openness, there is a lot of great content within those different modules on CLC in terms of
 inclusivity, improving communication. All of these practices are going to get you to a better place
 in terms of transparency and openness. And then you would reassess using future OHI surveys.
 So again, you would walk through the same process. You would go through employee wellness and development.
 Look at what great employee wellness and development is. You may not use the OHI data,
 but you can click on this Jamboard where folks can share what they think in terms of the employee
 wellness and development piece within your office. Do you think that you all have great employee
 wellness and development within your office? Reflect. And then you put your thoughts here on the Jamboard.
 And then if you all select it, we have another PDF that dives in to the practices that you all
 can take to get towards great employee wellness and development. Mentoring and coaching. That is
 going to help definitely in employee development. And hey, here's a list from Valerie Gardner herself,
 behavioral health and wellness practices. She put these in to help get towards great employee
 wellness. Again, we even, D-E-I-A, we talk about succession planning. I just want to take a second
 to say recognition. It doesn't really take too much to recognize folks. It can take, it can be a
 simple call out in a staff meeting. It can be a quick chat in Google space. It can be a simple
 email. Recognition goes a long way. I've been taking a look at statistics. Folks are motivated
 by different things. Some are motivated by money. Some are motivated by awards. Things like that.
 But I think if we are all honest, getting a little bit of recognition for the work that we're doing
 goes a long way. So here is a simple recognition. Just recognize each other. It doesn't have to be
 always managers recognizing, but recognizing each other or maybe employees recognizing their
 managers. It's a two-way street. So I'm just saying these are very subtle differences that folks can
 make and it goes along a long way. Okay. So again, you all can walk through these. I won't walk through
 all focus areas, but you can see how to utilize this slide. And my last slide is this. I am,
 yes, I am the Culture League for the National Weather Service and your Culture League under OAA.
 But there are a lot of other people and resources out there. We have Pat Brown from the DEI
 program and office. We have Mary Dunbar who's on as an EEO specialist. We have Behavioral Health
 and Wellness Officer, Valerie Gardner. And we even have Leadership Academy. I put him on there because
 he is really helping with the mentoring, coaching, the training to get folks where they want to be.
 And that's Jeff Zeltlinger. So it's a team effort. We are working together on this.
 And so that is basically your blueprint briefing. I appreciate everybody's time and
 attention today. Really, really, you know, just want to let you all know that I'm here for you.
 I support in any way that Becky needs or your office needs. But there are a lot of resources
 out there. And so I'm just going to kind of do this last. If you want to take a look at the
 toolkit, there are a lot of great resources on there about psychological safety, team building,
 DEIA, Behavioral Health and Wellness, Valerie Gardner has her own page on there. There's
 great employee wellness or I should say employee resources, manager resources. There's just a lot
 of great things on there. So it's a lot. Take your time, peruse, see what you see. If you have any
 questions, you can always just feel free to reach out. So that's it from me, Becky. I can open up
 the floor and see if anybody has any questions. But if you guys, you know, need to transition
 to another topic at this point, that's okay too. I appreciate the time.
 I think I would rather stay focused on this one rather than like maybe just jump
 it off into our traditional staff meeting where we talk about status and stuff.
 Because anything's urgent, the team is usually pretty good about saying, hey, I need help with
 this or reaching out to each other to get things done. One of the things, a couple of thoughts I've
 had that I'll share with you and then we'll see what the rest of the folks think. But, you know,
 like you mentioned that there's a lot of tools here that we could leverage and use and to focus on
 certain areas. And one of the thoughts I would like for my team to think about is what about the idea
 of having maybe OACIO champions that aren't necessarily me on certain topics where they could
 spin up these damn boards, for example, and get ideas rather than me taking the lead. Because I
 really would want to encourage people to be open and honest and not have my influence
 unduly, you know, maybe suppress that just because like, oh, I might not want to say that because
 the boss is in the room, right? Like, I really want people to open and trust that there's not
 going to be retaliation if somebody thinks something. And, you know, because I've tried to do that
 already, but sometimes, you know, sometimes you don't realize some how things you say could be
 interpreted by your team. So I want to make sure that we are, if we have like individual champions,
 it might even really generate some some culture improvement just within our own shop because
 everybody's taking ownership of those things. On the recognition side, the kudos board thing I
 hadn't thought of. So if you have maybe an example, you could share with me where somebody spun one
 of those up. So I've seen them here and there when someone's retiring, but an office-wide one,
 you know, if the team thinks that might be like a positive thing to do, I'm getting that a try,
 of course, in addition to doing more with time off awards. And I always like to do 59 minutes
 because that's super easy. You don't even have to like think about it. You can give people 59
 minutes and, you know, and it's appreciated, right? Like I get to like leave early today or
 talk off early today. And then I know you listed the weather, I think mostly weather service focused
 points of contact, but there's also the like NOAA-wide, you know, there's the lantern, there's
 leadership, like I learned more recently about the leadership candidate development program.
 And there's a lot of opportunities, NOAA-wide, for to continue to, and that might help us with
 our innovation numbers too. Like if we had the ability to allow people to do those kinds of
 assignments and opportunities, you know, the, I guess, you know, not that there's a con, but
 there's that, as that person goes off to do that, there's an impact. So it has cascading impact into
 the issue with burnout, because if you got somebody gone, that means the team is sort of
 trying to pick up the slack there. And we've got vacancies, which I think is one of the maybe
 biggest contributor to our culture right now is we need to fill those vacancies and get people on
 boarded to relieve some of the pressure on that everybody's feeling. So, you know, this just
 reminds me of how important that is. So, and all right, so I'm going to let my team chime in.
 Oh, and I was thinking that also I was going to share this. I think we just do it because it's
 fun, but it also has that, that you were said like do a team building or do these like special
 things at our last all hands. It was actually, I surprise everybody, it was a Christmas party as
 opposed to real all hands meeting. And we, everybody split up into teams and created gingerbread houses
 and then we had a competition. So it was really fun. And everybody's like,
 when are we going to do that again? Like, can we have that be annual? That was great.
 Yeah. So it was kind of a last minute, throw it together and use office supplies to decorate it.
 And it was pretty creative. I will say that. So all right, everybody, you guys, I'll be quiet.
 We could play the Jeopardy music.
 So I can break the ice and ask a question to Laura. So Laura, I know that Southwest is used as a
 prime example of employee.
